Improve Letsencrypt and Apache (#4314)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/letsencrypt/using_letsencrypt.adoc

== Create Let’s Encrypt’s Config Files

> Because remembering all the possible options for certbot, the following scripts ease the use for common tasks because of their self speaking name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because remembering all the possible options for certbot is difficult, the following scripts ease the use for common tasks because of their self-descriptive name.
```
